fix: proper avatar url encoding (#767)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for OIDC-based connection between Nextcloud and OpenProject
- Support Nextcloud 32 [#758](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/758)
- Show error if connection cannot be made to OpenProject [#756](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/756)

> - Proper encoding in avatar url [#767](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/767)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correct encoding of the avatar url [#767](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/767)
```
